Add Microchip SAM D21/DA1 peripheral instance template (#16)
apcountryman/picolibrary-microchip-sam-d21da1: docs/peripheral.md

- `Mask`: field bit masks

## Peripheral Instances

> The `::picolibrary::Microchip::SAM::D21DA1::Peripheral::Instance` template class is used
> to define Microchip megaAVR 0-series peripheral instances.

Author: ```suggestion
The `::picolibrary::Microchip::SAM::D21DA1::Peripheral::Instance` template class is used
to define Microchip SAM D21/DA1 peripheral instances.
```
